Enhance the Instructions for npm run confluence. (#3167)
mdn/browser-compat-data: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can use `npm test` to validate data against the schema. You might need to install the devDependencies using `npm install`.
The JSON data is validated against the schema using [`ajv`](http://epoberezkin.github.io/ajv/).

## Generating data using the Web API Confluence Dashboard

> If the feature you're interested in is a JavaScript API, you can cross-reference data against the [Web API Confluence Dashboard](https://web-confluence.appspot.com/) using the `confluence` command. This command overwrites data in your current working tree according to data from the dashboard. See [Using Confluence](USING-CONFLUENCE.md) for instructions.

Reviewer: * The linked page doesn't actually use the word "Dashboard" so maybe "the Web API Confluence Dashboard" → "Web API Confluence"
* `confluence` → `npm run confluence`
* "See Using Confluence" → "Read Using Confluence" (inclusive language)

```suggestion
If the feature you're interested in is a JavaScript API, you can cross-reference data against [Web API Confluence](https://web-confluence.appspot.com/) using the `npm run confluence` command. This command overwrites data in your current working tree according to data from the dashboard. Read [Using Confluence](USING-CONFLUENCE.md) for instructions.
```

Author: * Dashboard fixed.
* This is an intro, not the tutorial.
* 'Read' isn't inclusive either. The blind listen to pages with screen readers.
